Updates to step infrastructure (#543)
ucb-bar/hammer: doc/Hammer-Basics/Hammer-Overview.rst

Tech Plugins
-------------------------------

A techonology plugin consists of two or more files: a ``*.tech.json`` and a ``defaults.yml``.

> The ``*.tech.json`` contains pointers to relevant PDK files and fundamental technology constants.  These values are not meant to be overriden, nor can they be. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``*.tech.json`` contains pointers to relevant PDK files and fundamental technology constants.  These values are not meant to be overriden, nor can they be for the time being. 
```

In both of these commands, an environment configuration is passed to Hammer using a ``-e`` flag, which in this case is ``env.yml``.
``env.yml`` contains pointers to the required tool licenses and environment variables.
These environment settings will not be propagated to the output configuration files after each action.

Any number of other YML or JSON files can then be passed in using the ``-p`` flag.
In this case, there is only one, ``config.yml``, and it needs to set all the required keys for the step of the flow being run.

``--obj_dir build`` designates what directory Hammer should use as a working directory.
All default action run directories and output files will be placed here.

Finally, ``par`` designates that this is a place-and-route action.

In this case, Hammer will write outputs to the path ``$PWD/build/par-rundir``.

> For the full list of Hammer command-line arguments, look in the ``src/hammer-vlsi/hammer_vlsi/cli_driver.py`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full list of Hammer command-line arguments, run `hammer-vlsi --help` or take a peek in the ``src/hammer-vlsi/hammer_vlsi/cli_driver.py`` file.
```
